Update the release checklist post v0.14.0 release (#3692)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-release_checklist.md

  - [ ] Edit the draft release notes with the finalized changelog
  - [ ] Set the tag version and release title to vX.Y.Z
  - [ ] Make a release by clicking the 'Publish Release' button, this will automatically create a tag too
- [ ] Download pygmt-X.Y.Z.zip (rename to pygmt-vX.Y.Z.zip) and baseline-images.zip from the release page, and upload the two zip files to https://zenodo.org/deposit, ensure that they are filed under the correct reserved DOI

**After release**:

> - [ ] Update conda-forge [pygmt-feedstock](https://github.com/conda-forge/pygmt-feedstock) [Done automatically by conda-forge's bot. Remember to pin Python and SPEC0 versions]

Reviewer: Need to update GMT pin too sometimes.

```suggestion
- [ ] Update conda-forge [pygmt-feedstock](https://github.com/conda-forge/pygmt-feedstock) [Done automatically by conda-forge's bot. Remember to pin GMT, Python and SPEC0 versions]
```

  - [ ] Edit the draft release notes with the finalized changelog
  - [ ] Set the tag version and release title to vX.Y.Z
  - [ ] Make a release by clicking the 'Publish Release' button, this will automatically create a tag too
- [ ] Download pygmt-X.Y.Z.zip (rename to pygmt-vX.Y.Z.zip) and baseline-images.zip from the release page, and upload the two zip files to https://zenodo.org/deposit, ensure that they are filed under the correct reserved DOI

**After release**:

- [ ] Update conda-forge [pygmt-feedstock](https://github.com/conda-forge/pygmt-feedstock) [Done automatically by conda-forge's bot. Remember to pin GMT, Python and SPEC0 versions]
- [ ] Bump PyGMT version on https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/try-gmt (after conda-forge update)
- [ ] Announce the release on:
  - [ ] GMT [forum](https://forum.generic-mapping-tools.org/c/news/) (do this announcement first! Requires moderator status)

>   - [ ] [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net) (after forum announcement; download the ZIP file of the new release from the [GitHub Releases section](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/releases) and add it as research item via the **code** category, be sure to include the corresponding new Zenodo DOI)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ ] [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net) (after forum announcement; download the ZIP file of the new release from the release page and add it as research item via the **code** category, be sure to include the corresponding new Zenodo DOI)
```
